save checkpoints and profiler output to the first logger (#14325)
Lightning-AI/lightning: src/pytorch_lightning/CHANGELOG.md

- Enabled `on_before_batch_transfer` for `DPStrategy` and `IPUAccelerator` ([14023](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14023))

> - Save checkpoints and profiler output to the first logger ([14325](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14325))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using multiple loggers, by default checkpoints and profiler output now get saved to the log dir of the first logger in the list ([14325](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14325))
```
